hello I'm am extroyer and this is seat
Sunday our almost weekly series where I
show you seats for Minecraft console
edition and this week see this special
for minecraft piss free because it's a
hundred and twenty plus diamonds 126
times to be precise all with coordinates
that you can win the description which
gives you a massive head start twenty
worlds I'm sure anyone who's ever you
know you snowman's or played Minecraft
or would know us yeah how do you get
these 126 diamonds you might be asking
so I've actually marked more in this
bold with a glowstone but basically if
you go to the description I have both of
the seed which is by the way ibx town
with two E's I be extra care and loads
coordinates are 126 times with
coordinates and basically you can go to
these cornets which his play example of
a coordinate you go to these coordinates
and you get yourself these diamonds then
you can head to the next one because you
have all the coordinates it saves so
much for the process of mining and gives
you 126 diamonds and maybe 20 minutes of
mining which means it's not in 20
minutes of learning you can have all the
diamonds you'll ever need plus a
ridiculous amount of XP and they just
have a real head start the game so yeah
126 diamonds kind of ridiculous head
start it took me a long time to this
seed if you're wondering I've done this
seed for Minecraft Xbox before but now
has 20 extra diamonds which are you know
special for the ps3 they also work for
Xbox of course so if you're using this
seed then extra 20 bonus diamonds buy
this village a six explain why the seed
is so cool of weights because diamonds
are cool but you need a good seed to
make use of them right
or at least you know a seed that's
usable so let's explain when this seed
is so cool so you spawn on the side of
this big hill which is you know strange
place to smaller hill not coming that
that happens I basically behind you
there's this massive extreme hill climb
or at least a pretty big one that kind
of just I don't know there's something
really like nice bow it has all the
baked you know crazy structures like
this has floating dirt has just the one
random true you would she keep its it's
everyone's favorite little random tree
and it's just you know it's a really
cool biome like that it's again it's
just a nice extreme hill by him if
that's your thing you can go around that
obviously there are times in this but
there's diamonds everyone the map and
yeah big extreme homeland behind you
great store if you want to go that way
but if you don't like extreme hills you
want to tell regular ol minecraft wall
to soak down in if you had a little
north up know what to the east of the
spawn you can find yourself a big old
forest biome where there's lots lots
trees to fuel that big old world you're
making wool of wood that you might need
there's a massive it covers you know
that big chunk of the map in forest
which
is pretty cool a lot since first there
but if you had just straighten off the
spawn so you want to do straight for
survival
there is a NPC village right there and
again the MC village has domes around it
but this this MC village it's really
easy to get to the diamonds because
there are little caves that will take
you there almost all the way and in
addition to that it gives you food
there's all this week which you can earn
its bread as well as shelter to stay for
the night and it's just a gem really
pretty cool you know part of the map
just an office spawn a couple hundred
blocks as well so yeah if you had even
further to the north east slash west so
eating sort northwest you end up in this
sorry what's it called ice by him which
is it has all the spruce trees in it
which is you know really cool so if you
need spruce roots for a reason or snow
gums or if it's raining the snow biome
and the desert biome are immune so this
is a cool part that Maps pian and a yeah
also it transitions right into a desert
biome which gives you the sand
there's a massive just flat piece of
ground right here if you need to build
something it's red spider ground that's
literally that flat right you know that
close to something so yeah that's cool
as well as an MC village this is really
bare-bones one it better have a church
which is nice well and couple houses so
yeah MC village but not the main bar the
map another key feature of the map one
the best parts of map in my opinion is
if you head to the west of the middle of
the map so this is almost the exact
middle of the map to the west there's a
cool NPC village right here which is on
its own little secluded island like it's
not entirely screwed because of that but
it's on it's pretty much a peninsula
slash an island but on this island there
is a big old MPC village in the NPC
village it has a blacksmith chest the
blacksmith chest itself contains
diamonds bring the dime toe for map to
129 and then also if you want
coordinates for this part map - 401
Centauri but yes so am MC village the
time is the maximum chess ridiculously
cool by itself right but then in
addition to that if you dig down below
this house right here in a specific
corner of this corner right here if you
dig down from that part all this you
know the second place you know you
noticed you do quite a few of places for
these are the two best ones or you can
do it from these corners right here
again in have a diamond corner you
actually find yourself a double
mineshaft
mr. man moonshots the kind of so close
together they're kind of merged into one
and that's a really really rare crown so
you have a double abandoned wine shop
which is you know ridiculous to find the
same thing also yeah just you know cool
chests flying around the place and yeah
double abandoned mineshaft 126 diamonds
the most ridiculous seed for Minecraft
360 and minecraft ps3 as well as the
next-gen consoles of course that is out
there it took me a ridiculous amount of
time to do all this searching diamonds
because I have to branch mine the
diamonds myself I think this is maybe
taken 1520 hours so if you did like the
video if this seed is gonna help you
anyway I'd appreciate if you'd like the
video slash shared it because yeah again
crazy seed 126 times so yeah hope you
did enjoy the video if you did enjoy it
you can like and share it to help me out
it'd be appreciated otherwise you can
just subscribe queue up stable the
latest Minecraft console edition
gameplay and news
besides that thanks for watching I
appreciate it and goodbye